# круглое

Logo in the style of Warcraft succubi, centered bold text 'VSCode' with elegant and glowing purple-pink effects, placed
on
a demonic emblem background, dark and mystical atmosphere, inspired by demonic and arcane aesthetics, sophisticated and
magical design, black and purple color scheme with glowing pink accents, intricate magical runes, subtle succubus motifs
like horns, tails, or wings integrated into the emblem, emblem features a circular shape with jagged edges, textured
with cracked obsidian and glowing fel energy, additional details include chains, spikes, and glowing crystals,
high-quality, 4K resolution

# круглое, две надписи

Logo in the style of Warcraft succubi, centered bold text '-jass2jass' with elegant and glowing purple-pink effects,
placed on a demonic emblem background, dark and mystical atmosphere, text 'CLI' below -jass2jass with bold and curved
typography, glowing purple-pink edges, inspired by demonic and arcane aesthetics, sophisticated and magical design,
black and purple color scheme with glowing pink accents, intricate magical runes, swirling arcane energy, subtle
succubus motifs like horns, tails, or wings integrated into the emblem, emblem features a circular shape with jagged
edges, textured with cracked obsidian and glowing fel energy, high-quality, 4K resolution

# круглое большое

Logo in the style of Warcraft succubi, centered bold text '-jass2lua' with elegant and glowing purple-pink effects,
placed
on a demonic emblem background, dark and mystical atmosphere, inspired by demonic and arcane aesthetics, sophisticated
and magical design, black and purple color scheme with glowing pink accents, intricate magical runes, subtle succubus
motifs like horns, tails, or wings integrated into the emblem, emblem features a circular shape with jagged edges,
textured with glowing fel energy, additional details include chains, spikes, glowing crystals, and swirling pink smoke
around the logo, background texture of a mystical grotto with glowing pink crystals, arcane symbols on the walls, dim
magical lighting, lush pink flowers growing throughout the grotto, and a couple of succubi lounging among the flowers,
background is sharp and highly detailed, no blur, high-quality, 4K resolution

# круглое большое, две надписи

Logo in the style of Warcraft succubi, centered bold text '-jass2lua' with elegant and glowing purple-pink effects,
placed on a demonic emblem background, dark and mystical atmosphere, text 'CLI' below -jass2lua with bold and curved
typography, glowing purple-pink edges, inspired by demonic and arcane aesthetics, sophisticated and magical design,
black and purple color scheme with glowing pink accents, intricate magical runes, subtle succubus motifs like horns,
tails, or wings integrated into the emblem, emblem features a circular shape with jagged edges, textured with glowing
fel energy, additional details include chains, spikes, glowing crystals, and swirling pink smoke around the logo,
background texture of a mystical grotto with glowing pink crystals, arcane symbols on the walls, dim magical lighting,
lush pink flowers growing throughout the grotto, and a couple of succubi lounging among the flowers, background is sharp
and highly detailed, no blur, high-quality, 4K resolution
